Feat/sd3 medium (#29)
bentoml/BentoDiffusion: sd3-medium/README.md

<div align="center">
    <h1 align="center">Serving Stable Diffusion 3 Medium with BentoML</h1>
</div>

[Stable Diffusion 3 Medium](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-3-medium) is a Multimodal Diffusion Transformer (MMDiT) text-to-image model that features greatly improved performance in image quality, typography, complex prompt understanding, and resource-efficiency.

> This is a BentoML example project, demonstrating how to build an image generation inference API server, using the Stable Diffusion 3 Medium model. See [here](https://github.com/bentoml/BentoML?tab=readme-ov-file#%EF%B8%8F-what-you-can-build-with-bentoml) for a full list of BentoML example projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a BentoML example project, demonstrating how to build an image generation inference API server, using the Stable Diffusion 3 Medium model. See [here](https://github.com/bentoml/BentoML/tree/main/examples) for a full list of BentoML example projects.
```

## Prerequisites

- You have installed Python 3.9+ and `pip`. See the [Python downloads page](https://www.python.org/downloads/) to learn more.
- You have a basic understanding of key concepts in BentoML, such as Services. We recommend you read [Quickstart](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/1.2/get-started/quickstart.html) first.

> - (Optional) We recommend you create a virtual environment for dependency isolation for this project. See the [Conda documentation](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html) or the [Python documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Accept the conditions to gain access to [Stable Diffusion 3 Medium on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-3-medium).
- (Optional) We recommend you create a virtual environment for dependency isolation for this project. See the [Conda documentation](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html) or the [Python documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) for details.
```
